Is that true?
Your father is really the richest man in Kyushu
Yes, he played abroad in his early years
King Kong
Oh, you just look at our relationship since childhood
Can you forgive me?
I still remember borrowing it from you when I was a kid
What about the eraser?
Now you know who we are
Just advised me not to care about you
I know wrong
I didn't expect you to be the son of the president.
You treat me like a fart
Dare to pester Wan Shao again
Kill you
Somebody drag it down
I regretted it.
The people downstairs are not sensible, we are not troublesome.
Hello
Are you all right?
Worried about the bride
I'm fine, what's the matter with you?
Let's come out and meet.
I'll wait for you at Longxi Cafe.
Director Jiang sent me to Hongshan Hotel